What are the differences between context-sensitive and context-free grammar?
What are the basic methods for searching graphs?
What are the major data structures used in the RDBMS?
When is a binary search best applied?
What are Binary Search Tree?
What is merge sort?
How will you determine two graphs are the same?
What are the best applications for Tries?
What is hashing technique?
What are different methods of collision resolution in hashing?
What are the difference between malloc() and calloc()?
Which data structure is used to perform recursion?
What is Huffman’s algorithm?
What is Fibonacci search?
What is a postfix expression?
When is the type checking usually done?
What is a lexical analyzer?
What are recursive evaluators?
What are activation records?
What are the different types of conflicts occurs in shift reduce parsing?
What is an ambiguous grammar?
What is operator overloading in Java?
What is the difference between processes and threads? 
What is the difference between a synchronized method and a synchronized block?
What’s a deadlock?
How HashMap works in Java?
What is the purpose of garbage collection in Java, and when is it used?
What is a local block?
When is a switch statement better than multiple if statements?
What is the difference between goto and long jmp( ) and setjmp()?
What is an lvalue?
How to find time complexity of an algorithm?
How are kernel methods different?
Why do we need the bias term?
What is mapReduce?
How to maximize chance in unfair game?
Why is naive Bayes so bad?
Why is mean square error a bad measure of model performance?
What is root cause analysis? 
What are asymptotic notations?
What are dangling pointers?
What do you mean by halting problem?
How to check that string is a palindrome?
How to use regular expression for matching strings?
Explain Belady's Anomaly?
What is thrashing?
What are short, long and medium-term scheduling?
What is the Translation Lookaside Buffer (TLB)?
When is a system in safe state?
What is cycle stealing?